This is going to be an exercise we do in sort of optional if you want to do along with me or you can
just do it on your own to get a practice of how things are connected among each other.
So let me try to explain what is the exercise all about?
So this is our React component list.
And in this we have one of the components of topography, which is used for showing the title text that's
right here, which I violated.
Now, what I want you to be doing is if you go back to our quick booking application, we have this
text displayed here, which has been quoted directly in this component.
So if I just go back to the code base and if I just open up my homepage application and in the homepage
application, if you open up the component, you have this quick booking component.
Now in this quick booking component, you can see on line number 20, we have this header of quick booking
and we have defined some class names here and this class has been defined in this CSS property.
Now, since this is a reusable component and you might be using it in multiple places, this header,
we want to be importing it from the React Components Library and inject it all here.
So this is the task.
What do you need to be doing?
Now, just to give you an head's up of how that component works, I'm just going to be opening up that
React Components folder.
And in this, if I open up the app dot G's in this RC, so we have the app dog.
So I've imported this typography component here and if I go down, you can see the implementation.
So this is the title text implementation.
So basically we call this component typography.
We pass in two parameters.
The first one is the text.
What do you want to be doing there?
And second is the type which is of title.
Okay.
So this is the exercise.
Just to give you another clue.
So first of all, you'll have to go ahead and update your Webpack configuration of your React components
application, then go ahead and use the dynamic import in the quick booking digest file.
So you can just pause this video here and try to implement it.
All right.
So how did it go?
Were you able to do it?
If not, or if you feel some issues, you can just follow along with me and we're going to be doing
it right away.
All right.
So first of all, what we are going to be doing is we are going to be updating the Webpack configuration
file for React component.
So in here, we just have two things exported for now.
Let me add the third export.
So I say dot slash.
Typography.
And then I'm going to be exporting the component.
So I'm just going to copy this part so that I don't make any mistakes.
Let's start here and update the location.
So in this case, what's the location?
It's in components.
Then we have the topography, so I'll just put that here.
Typography.
And then we have the topography dodgy.
Okay.
So that looks good.
Topography.
Dot gsx.
Let's save this.
All right.
As always, we need to be restarting our react components.
So because we have just updated the Webpack configuration file.
So let me switch over to my react components.
Say control C to start this over start started back off so that our remote entry file gets updated and
picks up this new component that we we're exporting.
Now let's switch back, go to our quick looking start Gsx file.
And this is where we want to be making the changes.
So first of all, I need to be importing that component.
So as usual, since is a dynamic component, you say const typography.
Equals to react dart lazy and in here with bias in a function and say import and in this we need to
be using the application name.
So in this case the application name remains the same since it has the same application from there importing.
So this application name has been defined as component.
And then we put up a slash and then we have exported this complaint with the name of typography, so
I can just copy this from here and pasted in my bookings.
Gsx So that's the important.
Now to be using this, I can just come to my quick booking part right here, put in the suspense block.
The inserts are dynamic component, so I'll say suspense.
And in this I can be loading my new component.
So that's topography.
We need to be passing in the two parameters.
So that is the title.
And the title is as quick booking.
And then we need the second parameter called as type.
Then the type is as.
And the type is title.
Okay, so that looks good.
We also need to be passing in a fallback or here are those things that are going to work.
So I'll just pass default back as null and I can sort of disable this quick booking which we had earlier.
So let's give that a save.
Now, we do not really need to be restarting the server because the configuration was not changed.
So if I just switch back to my browser and let's switch to our application running on both 3000.
That's right here.
Let's give it a refresh.
And things don't work as expected.
Let's try to figure out what's wrong here.
Well, the problem over here is the parameter name is wrong, so it should not be as vital this should
be as text.
So that's the text that we're boxing in.
So let's just see if that once again, let's go back to our browser, hit refresh.
And this time you see that the component is in fact loaded.
So that's awesome.
Now any time anything is done in the component library for this typography, it's going to be automatically
applied on my main application.
So that was an exercise just to relate as how we are importing and exporting dynamic components.
Now let's take a short break and enhance our application even further.